# Changelog

## [2.1.2] - 2023-08-31
### Fixed
- Fixed bug in CreateBackup which was caused by Task not been able to delete the directory if there are directories present.

## [2.1.1] - 2023-08-08
### Fixed
- Added check for implicit match for the file and filemask.

## [2.1.0] - 2023-05-31
### Added
- Added parameter for FilePaths. If FilePaths is used it will overwrite the SourceDirectory and SourceFile parameters.

## [2.0.4] - 2023-05-09
### Fixed
- Fixed issue where Cleanup adds deleted message even if files were not deleted.

## [2.0.3] - 2022-11-25
### Fixed
- Fixed issue when using CreateSubdirectories Cleanup uses same directory which is created in Backup and when there's no files to backup the directory is deleted and cleanup won't find the directory.

## [2.0.2] - 2022-10-13
### Changed
- Cleanup will clean individual files in addition to directories when CreateSubdirectories is false.

## [2.0.1] - 2022-09-13
### Added
- Added CreateSubdirectories input which gives the user an option to choose whether to create a backup into a given (BackupDirectory) or create a new folder with a name generated by task into (BackupDirectory).
### Changed
- Cleanup change: Directory to be deleted is determined by timestamp in directory name when (CreateSubdirectories) is true, else by directory's LastWriteTime value.

## [2.0.0] - 2022-07-11
### Added
- Modified the task to use #process.executionid instead of a random guid
- [Breaking change] Added input for TaskExecutionId as guid
- Added backup directory value to Result object
- Added file count how many were made backup of
- [Breaking change] Removed BackupObject class and changed the result object to have list of string for backup and cleanup

## [1.0.0] - 2022-05-16
### Added
- Initial implementation